Episode 1
Hey, you thief cat, come here and fight me.
Hey, hey, what are you doing?
You're in the middle of the city.
It's me, the one who's making the noise.
What's that noise?
What noise?
Be quiet.
What's wrong, Kumako?
Hey, hey, be careful.
I bought 13 pieces of horse mackerel earlier.
I thought I'd drink it with fish.
I went to the pond and checked it.
There's no shape or shadow of horse mackerel.
I asked the kakao and the cat next door came and ate it.
There are 13 fish.
If you eat one, it's 13 times.
If you eat two, it's six times half.
You guys, do your best with kakao and grandma.
You don't know how to take one cat.
Hey, humans are two, cats are one.
What? I said I'd take it.
There are only 100 people, so I beat the kakao.
This time, the chouchin grandma spoke.
What is chouchin grandma?
What's with the face?
There are many people, so it's chouchin grandma.
This time, she was beaten to death by a cat.
What are you saying?
Don't fight for three days like you.
That's not true.
What do you mean by three days?
At least I beat it every day.
If you don't beat it yesterday, you'll do it twice today.
I'm not going to fight so hard.
You guys, do your best.
The kakao is the root of 100 kakao.
No matter what you do,
your kakao is not the best.
It's like a black and white medicine.
It's not a bear medicine.
If you don't have a parent, you can't put a blanket on the stone.
That's right.
If you don't have an eggplant, you can't cut the cucumber.
It's completely different.
There is a thing called Nijiushiko in Morokoshi.
That's right.
Do you know it?
What is it?
There is a person called Oshou.
He was a police officer and served his mother.
He wanted to eat koi.
He came to the pond and saw a piece of koi.
He was naked and melted koi with warm water.
He was sleeping naked on the ice.
What did he do?
When the ice melted, koi sprang out of the ice.
He was in a bad mood.
He was lying on the ice and was lying on the white bear.
He didn't believe it.
There is no doubt that the koi was a koi.
There is a strange thing.
There is a person called Mousou.
He is a sister.
Why?
He said there was no Mousou.
What nonsense are you talking about?
He also had a mother.
He was in a bad mood.
He was a mother and his heart was broken.
That's not true.
He wanted to eat bamboo shoots.
He came to the pond and saw a piece of bamboo.
He was lying on the ice.
In the snow, there was a lot of bamboo.
He couldn't see the bamboo.
He was looking at the sky and stood there.
It wasn't a bamboo shoot.
I'm not looking at the sky.
I'm looking at the sky.
That's not what I mean.